Panorama - added vsys argument to the panorama command (#16571)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/Integrations/Panorama/README.md

| target | Target number of the firewall. Use only on a Panorama instance. | Optional | 
| job-id | Job ID. | Optional | 
| query | Query string. | Optional | 

> | vsys | The name of the virtual system to be configured. If no vsys is mentioned, this command will not pass the vsys parameter to the http request. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vsys | he name of the virtual system to be configured. If no vsys is mentioned, this command will not  use the vsys parameter. | Optional | 
```
